little typo (#275)
ZoeyVid/NPMplus: README.md

# List of new features

> - Supports HTTP/3 (QUIC) protocol available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports HTTP/3 (QUIC) protocol.
```

> - Supports [CrowdSec IPS.](https://github.com/ZoeyVid/nginx-proxy-manager/tree/develop#crowdsec)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports CrowdSec IPS. Please see [here](https://github.com/ZoeyVid/nginx-proxy-manager#crowdsec) to enable it.
```
